This game was created to fulfill a class project.  However, I hope it may bring enjoyment to you as you play.

This is the game of hangman.  The objective is to guess what the hidden word is with less than 7 incorrect letter guesses.  You play by guessing letters of the alphabet that you believe are in the word.  If that letter is in the word, the letter is displayed.  If the letter is not in the word, it is counted as an incorrect guess.  If you guess the word correctly with less than 7 incorrect letter guesses, you win.  You lose on the 7th incorrect letter guess.

The game is typically scored by adding a noose and 6 body parts to the hangman's stand for each incorrect answer.  Once the noose and all 6 body parts are drawn, the hangman wins and you lose.  Many people score it in the following order: start with the noose, then add the head, add a torso, add an arm, add an arm, add a leg, and adding the final leg indicates you lost.  Others start with the head, torso, arm, arm, leg, leg and drawing the noose is the indicator you lost.

This game was written with HTML, CSS, and Javascript using Visual Studio and -bash.
I started by making a wireframe of the screen, and coming up with the bsic functionality I would implement, which I documented wiht pseudocode.  I then designed a simple screen with HTML and styled it with CSS.  I then converted the pseudocode into javascript.  After testing and tweaking the application, I used CSS and HTML to add the stickman graphics.  I then searched for APIs to retrieve random words.  Many of the sites I found no longer worked.  Those that did returned words with hyphens, and other special characters and/or curse words.  Since I planned to use my children an neices as test subjests, I did not want any curse words appearing.  I found a site that I don't beleive contains profanity, so I chose to use it.  The code had not yet been altered to address any special characters that might be returned in a word.